FUNCTION

Create a function to check whether a number is prime.

Function to find maximum of 3 numbers.

Function to swap two numbers (without temp).

Function to count vowels in a string.

Function to check palindrome string.

Function to calculate simple interest.

Function to find factorial of a number.

Function to return sum of even numbers in a list.

Function to convert Celsius to Fahrenheit.

Function to check Armstrong number.

Function to remove duplicate elements from list.

Function to find second largest number in list.

Function to check perfect number.

Function to generate n Fibonacci numbers.

Function to calculate power (xⁿ) without using **.

Function to count words in a sentence.

Function to validate email format.

Function to find LCM of two numbers.

Function to find GCD of two numbers.

Function to simulate bank deposit & withdrawal.

LAMBDA FUN

Lambda to find square of a number.

Lambda to check even or odd.

Lambda to find maximum of two numbers.

Lambda to calculate cube.

Lambda to check positive or negative.

Lambda to add two numbers.

Lambda to sort list of tuples by second value.

Lambda with filter() to get even numbers.

Lambda with filter() to get vowels from string.

Lambda with map() to square list elements.

Lambda with map() to convert lowercase to uppercase.

Lambda with reduce() to find sum of list.

Lambda with reduce() to find product of list.

Lambda to check string length > 5.

Lambda to find minimum in list.

Lambda to sort dictionary by values.

Lambda to calculate simple interest.

Lambda to reverse a string.

Lambda to check palindrome string.

Lambda to find greatest of 3 numbers.

RECURSION

Recursive function to find sum of n numbers.

Recursive function to find factorial.

Recursive function to print numbers from 1 to n.

Recursive function to print numbers from n to 1.

Recursive function to find power (xⁿ).

Recursive function to find GCD.

Recursive function to find LCM.

Recursive function to calculate sum of digits.

Recursive function to reverse string.

Recursive function to reverse number.

Recursive function to check palindrome number.

Recursive function to check palindrome string.

Recursive function to find Fibonacci series.

Recursive function to count digits in number.

Recursive function to find maximum element in list.

Recursive function to find minimum element in list.

Recursive function to remove all spaces in string.

Recursive function to count vowels in string.

Recursive function to check prime number.

Recursive function to calculate sum of list elements.